golden_test/README.md, before:

# Golden tests
Golden tests, also called screenshot tests, let's you write tests to easily
find UI regressions. It compares the UI to saved golden screenshots, and if
there is a pixel difference the tests will fail. It gives us confidence that
code changes does not cause UI regressions.

## Updating goldens
An expected change to the UI will also cause the golden tests to fail. If this
is unintended, you will need to change your code to prevent the UI change. If
it was intended, you will then need to update the goldens by running the
following command on your macOS machine:
```bash
flutter test --update-goldens golden_test
```

Due to slight [differences](
https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/36667#issuecomment-521335243)
in rendering across platforms, mostly around text, the tests will only be run
on a macOS machine on Github Actions. This means that if you update the tests
on a Linux or Windows machine the golden tests will not pass on Github Actions.
Instead you are recommended to download the goldens directly from the failed
Github Actions job, and use those inside of your branch.

You can find the goldens under Artifacts in the top menu inside of the failed
Github Actions job. It will include the master image, your test image and the
difference.

![Where to download the golden artifacts](
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1770678/80202787-70f1de80-8626-11ea-9d98-58ac72f67479.png)

## Loading fonts in golden tests
In Flutter widget tests the font used is the ['Ahem'](
https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Test/Fonts/Ahem/README)-font. It was built to help
test writers develop predictable tests, by most glyphs being a square box. To
be able to test the rendering of our icons and fonts, the actual fonts are
loaded before the test suites run. See [font_loader.dart](
testing/font_loader.dart).

## Shadows in golden tests
In the golden tests the shadows are opaqued, to [reduce the likelihood of
golden file tests being flaky](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/flutter_test/LiveTestWidgetsFlutterBinding/disableShadows.html).
A side effect of this is that we are not testing the exact rendering of shadows
inside of the goldens.

Commit message:

Run goldens for each platform

golden_test/README.md, after:

# Golden tests
Golden tests, also called screenshot tests, let's you write tests to easily
find UI regressions. It compares the UI to saved golden screenshots, and if
there is a pixel difference the tests will fail. It gives us confidence that
code changes does not cause UI regressions.

## Updating goldens
An expected change to the UI will also cause the golden tests to fail. If this
is unintended, you will need to change your code to prevent the UI change. If
it was intended, you will then need to update the goldens by running the
following command on your macOS machine:
```bash
flutter test --update-goldens golden_test
```

Due to slight [differences](
https://github.com/flutter/flutter/issues/36667#issuecomment-521335243)
in rendering across platforms, mostly around text, there are different goldens
for each operating system. The golden tests will be run on macOS, Windows and
Linux. You are recommended to download the goldens directly from the failed
Github Actions job, and use those inside of your branch.

You can find the goldens under Artifacts in the top menu inside of the failed
Github Actions job. It will include the master image, your test image and the
difference.

![Where to download the golden artifacts](
https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/1770678/80202787-70f1de80-8626-11ea-9d98-58ac72f67479.png)

## Loading fonts in golden tests
In Flutter widget tests the font used is the ['Ahem'](
https://www.w3.org/Style/CSS/Test/Fonts/Ahem/README)-font. It was built to help
test writers develop predictable tests, by most glyphs being a square box. To
be able to test the rendering of our icons and fonts, the actual fonts are
loaded before the test suites run. See [font_loader.dart](
testing/font_loader.dart).

## Shadows in golden tests
In the golden tests the shadows are opaqued, to [reduce the likelihood of
golden file tests being flaky](https://api.flutter.dev/flutter/flutter_test/LiveTestWidgetsFlutterBinding/disableShadows.html).
A side effect of this is that we are not testing the exact rendering of shadows
inside of the goldens.
