lib/l10n/README.md, before:

# Localization

## Creating New Locale Messages

When adding new strings to be localized, update `intl_en_US.arb`, which
is used by this project as the template. When creating new entries, they
have to be in the following format:

```arb
  "dartGetterVariableName": "english translation of the message",
  "@dartGetterVariableName": {
    "description": "description that the localizations delegate will use."
  },
```

In this example, `dartGetterVariableName` should be the Dart method/property
name that you will be using in your localizations delegate.

After adding the new message in `intl_en_US.arb`, it can be used in the app by
regenerating the GalleryLocalizations delegate and the `messages_*.dart` files.
This allows use of the English message through your localizations delegate in
the application code immediately without having to wait for the translations
to be completed.

## How to Generate GalleryLocalizations with Grinder

From the `samples/gallery/` directory:
1. Make sure you have [grinder](https://pub.dev/packages/grinder) installed by
running `flutter pub get`.
2. Then run `flutter pub run grinder l10n` to generate `GalleryLocalizations`.

For more details on what `flutter pub run grinder l10n` runs, you can read below
under *How to Generate GalleryLocalizations with l10n scripts*. The current
supported locales list is sorted alphabetically. This means that after running
the script, you have to update `gallery_localizations.dart` and move the `en_US`
locale to the top of the list.

## How to Generate GalleryLocalizations with l10n scripts
To generate GalleryLocalizations, from `samples/gallery/` run:

```dart
dart ${YOUR_FLUTTER_PATH}/dev/tools/localization/bin/gen_l10n.dart \
    --template-arb-file=intl_en_US.arb \
    --output-localization-file=gallery_localizations.dart \
    --output-class=GalleryLocalizations
```

From `samples/gallery/`, run `dart tool/l10n_cli/main.dart`, which
will generate `intl_en_US.xml`. This will be used by the internal translation
console to generate messages in the different locales.

Run the formatter to make the Flutter analyzer happy:
```
flutter format .
```

## Generating New Locale Arb Files

Use the internal tool to create the `intl_<locale>.arb` files once the
translations are ready.

## Generating Flutter Localization Files

If new translations are ready and the `intl_<locale>.arb` files are already
available, run the following commands to generate all necessary
`messages_<locale>.dart` files and the `localizations_delegate.dart` file:

```
flutter pub run grinder l10n
```

which is equal to

```dart
dart ${YOUR_FLUTTER_PATH}/dev/tools/localization/bin/gen_l10n.dart \
    --template-arb-file=intl_en_US.arb \
    --output-localization-file=gallery_localizations.dart \
    --output-class=GalleryLocalizations

flutter format .
```

This ensures the generated `.dart` files updated with the latest translations.

Commit message:

l10n compatibility changes (#7)
* Rename en_US -> en

* Add note about avoiding changes to intl_en_US.xml filename


Former-commit-id: 89ab3c03aa2ff959600d047f33c431227daeca74

lib/l10n/README.md, after:

# Localization

## Creating New Locale Messages

When adding new strings to be localized, update `intl_en.arb`, which
is used by this project as the template. When creating new entries, they
have to be in the following format:

```arb
  "dartGetterVariableName": "english translation of the message",
  "@dartGetterVariableName": {
    "description": "description that the localizations delegate will use."
  },
```

In this example, `dartGetterVariableName` should be the Dart method/property
name that you will be using in your localizations delegate.

After adding the new message in `intl_en.arb`, it can be used in the app by
regenerating the GalleryLocalizations delegate and the `messages_*.dart` files.
This allows use of the English message through your localizations delegate in
the application code immediately without having to wait for the translations
to be completed.

## How to Generate GalleryLocalizations with Grinder

From the `samples/gallery/` directory:
1. Make sure you have [grinder](https://pub.dev/packages/grinder) installed by
running `flutter pub get`.
2. Then run `flutter pub run grinder l10n` to generate `GalleryLocalizations`.

For more details on what `flutter pub run grinder l10n` runs, you can read below
under *How to Generate GalleryLocalizations with l10n scripts*. The current
supported locales list is sorted alphabetically. This means that after running
the script, you have to update `gallery_localizations.dart` and move the `en`
locale to the top of the list.

## How to Generate GalleryLocalizations with l10n scripts
To generate GalleryLocalizations, from the root directory, run:

```dart
dart ${YOUR_FLUTTER_PATH}/dev/tools/localization/bin/gen_l10n.dart \
    --template-arb-file=intl_en.arb \
    --output-localization-file=gallery_localizations.dart \
    --output-class=GalleryLocalizations
```

From the root directory, run `dart tool/l10n_cli/main.dart`, which
will generate `intl_en_US.xml`. This will be used by the internal translation
console to generate messages in the different locales.

Note that the filename for `intl_en_US.xml` is used by the internal
translation console and changing the filename may require manually updating
already translated messages to point to the new file. Therefore, avoid doing so
unless necessary.

Run the formatter to make the Flutter analyzer happy:
```
flutter format .
```

## Generating New Locale Arb Files

Use the internal tool to create the `intl_<locale>.arb` files once the
translations are ready.

## Generating Flutter Localization Files

If new translations are ready and the `intl_<locale>.arb` files are already
available, run the following commands to generate all necessary
`messages_<locale>.dart` files and the `localizations_delegate.dart` file:

```
flutter pub run grinder l10n
```

which is equal to

```dart
dart ${YOUR_FLUTTER_PATH}/dev/tools/localization/bin/gen_l10n.dart \
    --template-arb-file=intl_en.arb \
    --output-localization-file=gallery_localizations.dart \
    --output-class=GalleryLocalizations

flutter format .
```

This ensures the generated `.dart` files updated with the latest translations.
